super_select_support: replace create_model_if_new with ensure_backing_models_on (#591)
bullet-train-co/bullet_train-core: bullet_train/docs/field-partials/super-select.md

</code></pre>

Note: this will set the option `value` (which will be submitted to the server) to the entered text.

To handle the new entry's text on the server, see the `ensure_valid_id_or_create_model` method (or `ensure_valid_ids_or_create_models` if `multiple: true`).

```rb

> if strong_params[:category_id]
>   strong_params[:category_id] = ensure_valid_id_or_create_model(strong_params[:category_id], collection: current_team.categories) do |new_text, collection|
>     collection.find_or_create_by(name: new_text)
>   end
> end

Reviewer: Here's what it'd look like with the alternative method:

```suggestion
if strong_params[:category_id]
  strong_params[:category_id] = ensure_backing_models_on(current_team.categories, id: strong_params[:category_id]) do |scope, id|
    scope.find_or_create_by(name: id)
  end
end
```
